# Responsive Spacing Helper
## A SASS script to generate responsive helper classes for spacing

This SASS function will create "margin helpers" and "padding helpers" based on the screen size, which is named following Twitter's Bootstrap pattern.

The class-name is composed by 4 parameters, separated by dash "-":

`property-direction-screenSize-amount`

- The first letter (parameter) can be "m" or "p" for MARGIN or PADDING.
- The second parameter can be "t", "b", "l", or "r" for TOP, BOTTOM, LEFT, or RIGHT
- The third parameter can be "xs", "sm" or "md" for EXTRA-SMALL, SMALL or MEDIUM.
- The fourth parameter is the amount of spacing in pixels. Adjust the amounts generated by editing the $spaceamounts variable below.

### Examples of margin:
- `class="m-r-sm-10"`   ---> applies margin-right 10 pixels for SMALL screens and higher.
- `class="m-r-md-15"`   ---> applies margin-right 15 pixels for MEDIUM screens and higher.

### Examples of padding:
- `class="p-b-sm-5"`    ---> applies padding-bottom 5 pixels for SMALL screens and higher.
- `class="p-l-md-40`    ---> applies padding-left 40 pixels for MEDIUM screens and higher.

The `...-xs-...` parameter applies the margin/padding for all screen sizes.

## Usage
1. Download the `_responsive-spacing-helpers.scss` and place it inside your SASS folder structure.
2. Import `_responsive-spacing-helpers.scss` in your main SCSS file, like `@import 'responsive-spacing-helpers';` (see `demo.scss`).
3. That's it! You are all set to use the generated classes in your HTML.

This script was inspired by the great work of: 
- _spacing-helpers.scss (https://gist.github.com/jacurtis/30da4bf9a6c9b9b5cc0aebac512ca7c9) and 
- ez-space-css-repo (https://github.com/dmanzer2/ez-space-css-repo).
